ðŸŒž Light Mode
Token	Hex Value	Usage
primary	#2A9D8F	Accent color for buttons, links
secondary	#E9C46A	Secondary accents and highlights
background	#FAFAFA	App background
surface	#FFFFFF	Cards, inputs, modals
text-primary	#212121	Main body and title text
text-secondary	#5F6368	Subtext, labels
text-muted	#9E9E9E	Disabled text, placeholders
border	#E0E0E0	Dividers, input outlines
success	#43A047	Positive indicators, income
warning	#FB8C00	Warnings, overspending
error	#E53935	Errors, failed actions

ðŸŒš Dark Mode
Token	Hex Value	Usage
primary	#2A9D8F	Same as light mode (branding consistency)
secondary	#E9C46A	Same as light mode
background	#282A36	Main app background
surface	#1E1E1E	Cards, inputs, modals
text-primary	#FFFFFF	Main body and title text
text-secondary	#BBBBBB	Subtext, labels
text-muted	#777777	Disabled text, placeholders
border	#2C2C2C	Dividers, outlines
success	#66BB6A	Positive indicators, income
warning	#FFA726	Warnings, overspending
error	#EF5350	Errors, failed actions